I grew up very much alone, and as far back as I recall I was frightened of anything sexual. I was nearly sixteen when I met Simone, a girl my own age, at the beach in X. Our families being distantly related, we quickly grew intimate. Three days after our first meeting, Simone and I were alone in her villa. She was wearing a black pinafore with a starched white collar. I began to realize that she shared my anxiety at seeing her, and I felt even more anxious that day because I hoped she would be stark naked under the pinafore.

Now in the corner of a hallway there was a saucer of milk for the cat. "Milk is for the pussy, isn't it?" said Simone. "Do you dare me to sit in the saucer?"

After fifteen years of more and more serious debauchery, Simone ends up in a torture camp. But by mistake; descriptions of torture, tears, imbecility of unhappiness, Simone at the threshold of a conversion, exhorted by a cadaverous woman, one more in the series of devotees of the Church of Seville. She is now thirty-five. Beautiful when entering the camp, but old age is gradually taking over, irremediable. Beautiful scene with a female torturer and the devotee; the devotee and Simone are beaten to death, Simone escapes temptation. She dies as though making love, but in the purity (chaste) and the imbecility of death: fever and agony transfigure her. The torturer strikes her, she is indifferent to the blows, indifferent to the words of the devotee, lost in the labor of agony. It is by no means an erotic joy, it is far more than that. But with no result. Nor is it masochistic, and, profoundly, this exaltation is beyond any imagining; it surpasses everything. However, its basis is solitude and absence. 

© Supervert 32C Inc. • 2025

I had almost given up in IT, and the world of software engineering became such a concern for me, as I lacked the impetus to set up a company. Yet, years later, I am constantly bothered by something, which I can never sufficiently extinguish, it runs like a stream, and ideas swim in my mind. The energy, too, is rambunctious. So does copilot work without the internet.

I have always loved to read, and I recall some very troubling days during the struggle, when, after high school, my ambitions hit a wall. Then my mother, seeing how her son will be wasted, sort help, intervening at a crucial moment in my life. Yet, it is my encounters with the arts, in music, in poetry, and in other forms that became a pillar of most of my childhood and early adulthood, and it asails me todate. i have no regret for the career detour into the art industry. 

It is the many hours I spent learning to code, and mastering computer architecture, that i began questioning the monotony of such a life, that a scientist needs life, and for that, for the inspirations to build something wonderful to make benefit the society. I have taken this to be my motto, and I constantly
